In this project i will be creating a password manage Single Webpage Application which makes use of various programming elements such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, and JSON. 

The user will be able to input the website for which the account will be, then their username and password which will then be taken and outputted toa seperate 'Saved Accounts' section in a nicely organised list effecitvely displaying the users details for each account. they will also be provided with a delete button for each account incase they no longer need it, to ensure that there is no accidental deletion of accounts, each button will display a confirmation request before deleting the account to avoid any accidental deletion.

The application will also have accessbility features such as light and dark mode for users that may not be able to see as clearly given different types of lighting, alongside this there is also a dropdown menu for zoom levels that will allow a user to set the zoom level of the page to allow for clearly viewing. it is important to note that these features are JUST for users with impairments, however they are created with them in mind.

My application will allow users to export their data to a flat file (.json) which will then clear the accounts sections and download a .json file onto their local storage and if they want to view it again, all they need to do it press 'import' and slect the correct .json file to display the contents again.
  
Finally, the application will make use of password strength checking to ensure that the use is imputting strong and effective passwords to their accounts, whilst this isn't going to be linked to their accounts, it is still important to implement this feature. I have set a specific criteria with the help of regex to make sure that the user must follow it. the passwords they input must be of a minimum lenght of 12 characters, include at least 1 special character, number, and capitalised letter. Given that they pass the requirement they will be met with a message notifying them that if the password doesnt match this criteria on the website they have saved this account from, they are advised to go to it and change the password.

My project vision is to provide users with an effective, intuitive, and simple account management system that ensure they are using strong and effective passwords as studies show that an alarming amount of users don't actually use strong passwords and often struggle to create them, not only this, most users are actually lazy and even though most websites provide them with strong password generation, they will often not use it and reuse passwords over and over again across mulitple websites making them really vulnerable to cyber crimes when it comes to data breaches, they are at risks of their accounts being comprimised. My project keeps this in mind and hopes to make a change to how users make passwords and to at least make them aware of the risks of re-using passwords and not using strong passwords.
        
